AlteredWorlds,
1282 42nd Avenue #B,
San Francisco, CA 94122


Software License Agreement
                                                           


This Software License Agreement (the "Agreement") is a legal agreement between 
you, the end user (the "Licensee"), and AlteredWorlds. By continuing the 
installation of this program entitled AlteredSaver (the "Software"), by loading 
or running
the program, or by placing or copying this program onto your computer hard 
drive, computer
RAM or other storage, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this 
Agreement.


1.	SOFTWARE LICENSE

AlteredWorlds hereby grants, and Licensee hereby accepts, a license to operate 
the Software provided hereunder in accordance with the following terms:

(a)  AlteredWorlds grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, nontransferable, 
non-assignable royalty-free license to use one (1) copy of the executable 
(binary) code of the Software on one (1) computer located on Licensee's 
premises.  

(b)  Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all rights are exclusively 
reserved to AlteredWorlds.  Licensee shall not rent, lease, sell, sublicense, 
assign, mortgage, pledge, or otherwise transfer or encumber the Software, 
including any accompanying Documentation and information.  Licensee shall not 
reverse engineer, de-compile, or disassemble the Software except to the extent 
that this restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law.  AlteredWorlds 
shall retain title and all ownership rights to the Software. 

(c)  The Software and related information is proprietary and confidential 
information of AlteredWorlds.  Licensee agrees not to disclose or provide the 
Software, Documentation, or any related information (including the Software 
features or the results of use) to any third party or use the Software for any 
purpose other than expressly provided in this Agreement. However, Licensee may 
disclose confidential information in accordance with judicial or other 
governmental order, provided Licensee shall give AlteredWorlds reasonable 
written notice prior to such disclosure and shall comply with any applicable 
protective order or equivalent.  Further, Licensee shall not be obligated to 
maintain the confidentiality of information which Licensee can prove: (i) is 
already known to Licensee without an obligation to maintain the same as 
confidential; (ii) becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of Licensee; 
(iii) is rightfully received from a third party without breach of an obligation 
of confidentiality owed to AlteredWorlds; or (iv) was independently developed by 
Licensee prior to receipt of the Software. This provision shall survive the 
termination or expiration of this Agreement with respect to any information that 
has not been made public by AlteredWorlds.

2.  	WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES.

(a)  	AlteredWorlds warrants that for a period of thirty (30) days after the 
Software is installed by Licensee, the Software will perform substantially in 
accordance with the Documentation.  In the event that within this period, the 
Software fails to so perform, Licensee's sole and exclusive remedy will be to 
request that AlteredWorlds either: (i) repair or replace the Software so as to 
cause it to perform; or (ii) refund the License Fee paid by Licensee in 
connection with the Software.  AlteredWorlds may elect either (i) or (ii) in its 
sole discretion.  The foregoing constitutes Licensee's sole and exclusive remedy 
in the event of breach.

(b)  	EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN SUBPARAGRAPH 2(a) 
ABOVE, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  TO THE 
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, AlteredWorlds FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  THE 
ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND 
DOCUMENTATION REMAINS WITH LICENSEE.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY 
APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL AlteredWorlds, ITS SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, 
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, 
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS 
OPPORTUNITIES, OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE 
OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF AlteredWorlds HAS BEEN ADVISED OF 
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  BECAUSE SOME STATES JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW 
THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL 
DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO LICENSEE.

3. 	GOVERNING LAW; ATTORNEYS' FEES. This Agreement shall be governed by those 
laws of the State of California which are applicable to agreements entered into 
and performed entirely within the State of California.  Licensee consents to 
exclusive jurisdiction by the state and federal courts sitting in the County of 
San Francisco, State of California.  If either AlteredWorlds or Licensee employs 
or engages attorneys to enforce any rights arising out of or relating to this 
Agreement, or brings any claim against the other based in whole or in part upon 
the Software, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable 
attorneys' fees and costs from the other party.

4. 	U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  The Software is provided with 
RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use, duplication, or disclosure by the United States 
government, its agencies and/or instrumentalities is subject to restrictions as 
set forth in subparagraph (c)(1)(ii) of The Rights in Technical Data and 
Computer Software clause of DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c)(i) and (2) 
of the Commercial Computer Software -- Restricted Rights at 48 CFR 52.227-19, as 
applicable.  Manufacturer is AlteredWorlds, 1283 42nd Avenue, Unit B, San 
Francisco, CA 94122.

5.  	EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.  Licensee acknowledges that the Software licensed 
hereunder is subject to the export control laws and regulations of the USA, and 
any amendments thereof.  Licensee confirms that with respect to the Software, it 
will not export or re-export it directly or indirectly, to: (i) any countries 
that are subject to USA export restrictions (currently including, but not 
necessarily limited to, Cuba, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and 
Montenegro), Haiti, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, and Syria), (ii) any end 
user who Licensee knows or has reason to know will
utilize the Product in the design, development or production of nuclear, 
chemical, or biological weapons; or (iii) any end user who has been prohibited 
from participating in the USA export transactions by any federal agency of the 
USA government.  Recipient further acknowledges that the Software may include 
technical data subject to export and re-export restrictions imposed by USA law.

	6.  PARTIES BOUND.  If Licensee is accepting the terms and conditions of 
this Agreement on behalf of a company, then the individual accepting this 
Agreement represents that he/she has authorization to accept on behalf of such 
company, also agrees that in addition to the applicable company, he or she will 
be personally bound by this Agreement, and agrees that the Software shall remain 
on the company premises, unless otherwise agreed in writing by AlteredWorlds.

	YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, THAT YOU UNDERSTAND 
THIS AGREEMENT, AND UNDERSTAND THAT BY CONTINUING THE INSTALLATION OF THE 
SOFTWARE, BY LOADING OR RUNNING THE SOFTWARE, OR BY PLACING OR COPYING THE 
SOFTWARE ONTO YOUR COMPUTER HARD DRIVE OR RAM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT, EXCEPT FOR 
WRITTEN SEPARATE BETWEEN AlteredWorlds AND YOU, IF ANY, THIS AGREEMENT IS A 
COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES 
HERETO. THIS AGREEMENT SUPERSEDES ALL PRIOR ORAL AGREEMENTS, PROPOSALS OR 
UNDERSTANDINGS, AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN AlteredWorlds AND YOU 
RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT. 	

SOFTWARE LICENSE FOR QSOUND LABS QMDX SOFTWARE (QMDX.DLL)

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This QSound Labs End-User License Agreement 
("License") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single 
entity) and QSound Labs, Inc. for the QSound Labs software product identified 
above, which includes computer software and may include documentation, in 
electronic or other format ("SOFTWARE"). By installing, copying, or otherwise 
using the SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound by the terms of this License. If you 
do not agree to the terms of this License, promptly return the unused SOFTWARE 
to the place from which you obtained it for al refund of the purchase price.
SOFTWARE LICENSE
The SOFTWARE is protected by copyright laws and international copyright 
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. All title 
and copyrights in and to the SOFTWARE (including but not limited to any images, 
photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and "applets" incorporated 
into the SOFTWARE), the accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the 
SOFTWARE are owned by QSound Labs or its suppliers. The SOFTWARE is licensed, 
not sold or otherwise transferred.

1.	GRANT OF LICENSE. This License grants you the following rights: 	
a.	The SOFTWARE is provided to you for use as a component in one specific 
application program which you have acquired ("Application"). The owner of the 
Application has provided the SOFTWARE to you under license from QSound Labs. You 
may use the SOFTWARE only in conjunction with the Application and not for any 
other purpose.
b.	You may not: i) copy (except for back-up puposes) distribute, rent, lease 
or sublicense all or any portion of the SOFTWARE; ii) modify or prepare 
derivative works of the SOFTWARE; iii) transmit the SOFTWARE over a network, by 
telephone or electronically using any means except in the course of your 
multiplayer play of the SOFTWARE; or iv) reverse engineer, decompile or 
disassemble the SOFTWARE. The SOFTWARE is licensed as a single product and 
neither the software programs comprising the SOFTWARE or any upgrades may be 
separated for use by more than one user at a time.
c.	You may permanently transfer all of your rights under this License, 
provided that you retain no copies, you transfer all of the SOFTWARE (including 
all component parts, any upgrades and this License), and the recipient agrees to 
the terms of this License. If the SOFTWARE is an upgrade, any transfer must 
include all prior versions of the SOFTWARE.
d.	Termination. Without prejudice to any other rights, QSound Labs may 
terminate this License if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of 
this License. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the SOFTWARE.
		
